Group: Sniper Monkey
Date: 30/9 - 2021
Chair: Kevin Jeryd
Participants: Dadi Andrason, Elias Falk, Vincent Hellner, Kevin Jeryd


## Objectives
- Make a plan for the upcoming peer review, what to focus on and what not.
- Discuss what needs to be written in the RAD and SDD for this week.
- Discuss attacks (and fighters?)
- Discuss views
- Discuss Health, Stamina & Block

## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
- Everyone has worked on slowly adding tests on functions
- Everyone has worked on adding documentation to public methods
- Kevin has reworked the blockingState functionality, implemented some gameStates as well as timers for keeping track of time-dependent states. 
- Elias has added player movement and controllers as well as added functionality to the fighters
- Vincent has fixed collisions and fixing the game object views
- Elias and Vincent have worked on implementing reads on config files as well as a callback timer.
- Dadi has worked on Stamina and Health and generic code cleanup
- Kevin, Elias and Vincent has implemented animations and started on HUD-views



## Discussion items (35 min)
- Peer review, few tests, no rad/sdd, better abstractions, unwanted dependencies,
- RAD, user stories template, sketches, UML
- SDD, less focus
- Attack implementation
- We discussed the views
- We discussed health, stamina and block.



## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
- We agreed we needed to implement way more tests and documentation where needed before the peer review. To add to this we need to check over our codebase again and see if we have unnecessary dependencies and can use abstractions more. read-only model classes?
- Need to add user stories to RAD, correct user story to follow the template. Add the sketches on papers and from figma to the document. Update the UML-diagram and add it when done.
- We agreed that the SDD is easier to do than RAD and needs less focus.
- Look at the UML diagram for Attack, implement this in pairs at least
- We agreed to refactor health, stamina and block to one class.


- Kevin, Vincent and Elias need to do more tests and Dadi has to update Stamina and Health tests to the new FluctuatingAttribute class.
- Everyone needs to work on the points included to RAD and SDD 

## Wrap up
Next meeting: Thursday 30/9 13:00
