Group: Sniper Monkey
Date: 27/9 - 2021
Chair: Vincent Hellner
Participants: Dadi Andrason, Elias Falk, Vincent Hellner, Kevin Jeryd


## Objectives
- How should we implement Fighters
- Setup some goals for this week
- Config files in the game
- Discuss RAD and SDD

## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
- We had a meeting with the examiner and came up with a solution to our problem regarding views which Vincent has mostly implemented.
- Kevin has implemented the blockingState and the decrease of defense when blocking for too long.
- Dadi has implemented the Stamina class and tests.
- Elias has implemented an abstract Fighter class and started working on Attacks and concrete fighters.


## Discussion items (35 min)
- We discussed how to implement fighters
- We discussed goals for the week (including RAD/SDD)
- We discussed the use of config files in the game



## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
- Our goals for the week are to fix and clean up our Domain and design models
- This week we will work on RAD and SDD to a point that is reasonable for the peer review.
- We will continue creating tasks from our User Stories.  
- We decided to use config files for game settings and keybinds

- Kevin will work on the game timer and game states.
- Vincent will continue working on the creation of views and implement them for Fighters as well.
- Vincet will work on the game states with Kevin
- Elias will work on the player movement and controller
- Elias will continue working on the Fighters
- Dadi will start working on Health

## Wrap up
Next meeting: Thursday 30/9 13:00

