# Meeting Agenda

Group: sniper monkey
Date: 2021-09-13
Chair: Vincent Hellner
Participants: Dadi Andrason, Elias Falk, Vincent Hellner, Kevin Jeryd


## Objectives (5 min)

- Evaluate our figma sketches
- Evaluate domain model
- Discuss how much time we want to spend on our design model and how much to spend on programming


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

- Elias has made a preliminary figma sketch of the arena and character selector screen.
- Vincent and Kevin continued working on a second iteration of the domain model which will act as a bridge between the domain and design model.
- We now have a working libGDX shell program


## Discussion items (35 min)

- We discussed the figma sketches and identified some issues relating to the visibility of text and confusion when it comes to which fighter is currently active in the arena.
- We discussed the domain model and decided on a few small changes to make before the seminar
- We discussed when to start working on the design model
- We discussed how much we want to work on the design model before we start programming



## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

- We decided that the character selector screen will have a popup with instructions and a help button in case players forget.
- We decided that in the arena we need to make it clearer which character is active by showing both characters at the same time.
- We will clean up the domain model and hide the “Game/Round” class for the seminar
- We will start working on the design model tomorrow regardless of whether or not we get a response on our domain model.
- We will start programming when we have a clear picture and design model of the actual gameplay (arena, fighting etc.) and at least a less detailed design model of the other parts of the system such as GUI (character selector screen etc.).

- The group as a whole will finalize the first iteration of the domain model and start working on the design model tomorrow (14/9).

## Wrap up

Next meeting:
Thursday 16/9 after lunch. 


