Group: Sniper Monkey
Date: 16/9 - 2021
Chair: Kevin Jeryd
Participants: Dadi Andrason, Elias Falk, Vincent Hellner, Kevin Jeryd


## Objectives
- We shall discuss our git workflow and naming conventions.
- We shall evaluate and thoroughly discuss our design model.


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
- Dadi has started implementing our design model in the code.
- The group has worked at further developing the design model




## Discussion items (35 min)

- We discussed our git workflow, this included how we should commit, merge, naming conventions and branching.
- We discussed our design model, this included evaluating new additions to the design model, how we should package modules and the general state of the design model as of now.
- We discussed which design patterns could be implemented.
- We discussed what to start implementing





## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
Outcomes:

- We decided and documented all the rules for our git workflow.
- We changed how our hitbox system worked and refactored our design model with regard to the newly added classes.
- We decided what to start implementing in code so we could finally start.
- We will start deciding which classes should be grouped together in packages.
- We will keep developing our design model, starting to develop our views.

 

## Wrap up
Next meeting: Monday 20/9, 15:15 - 17:00
