# Meeting AgendaGroup: sniper monkey
Date: 2021-09-09
Chair:    Elias Falk
Participants: Elias Falk, Kevin Jeryd, Vincent Hellner, Dadi Andrason


## Objectives (5 min)- Resolve any issues preventing the team to continue.- Short clear descriptions.

- We need to discuss the domain model
- We need to discuss figma
- We need to discuss prototyping
- We need to discuss the schedule


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting- Each group member reports outcome of assigned issues, see also 'outcomes and assignments'.
Elias, Vincent, Kevin has discussed the domain model and created a initial UML diagram which contains the main objects of the program

## Discussion items (35 min)- Discuss the identified issues, and possibly new or more general issues (very short notes and/or keywords).
- We identified some issues in the domain model such as missing objects and other minor details.
- Are we going to make a figma design?
- What is more important: user stories to tasks or building on the domain model?
- We don’t have any prototyping, could be beneficial to do.

## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)- Outcomes from discussion items. Write down what's decided and why it was decided. Sync with other documentation (add terms to wordbook).- (re)Assign to each group member which issues to solve.
- Added some objects in the domain model and decided that more details are needed for the second iteration.
- We are making a simpler figma design.
- We decided that building on the domain model is more important.
- We need to do some simple prototyping. This would include keyboard inputs, asset loading, collision, movement.

- Elias and Dadi makes the figma design
- Vincent and Kevin makes a second iteration of the domain model
- The whole group will work on a simple prototype.

## Wrap up- Write down any unresolved issues for next meeting.- Decide a time and location for next meeting.

Next meeting:
Monday 13/9 10:30 on campus
