Group: Sniper Monkey
Date: 20/9 - 2021
Chair: Dadi Andrason
Participants: Dadi Andrason, Elias Falk, Vincent Hellner, Kevin Jeryd


## Objectives
We need to discuss MVC
We need to discuss how sprites will be used and implemented


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
Elias has
Come up with an idea on how to cut out sprites of the spritesheet

The group has
Programmed/developed together on Campus


## Discussion items (35 min)
-  Discuss the identified issues, and possibly new or more general issues
   (very
   short notes and/or keywords).

We discussed MVC and realised that itâ€™s problematic to decouple the view and the model.

We discussed how the sprites are structured so that we can seamlessly draw them without issue of cutting the sprite etc.

We consulted (sent a message) with the examinator on how we should place sprites and view related objects since they are not allowed to be in the model.


## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
Outcomes:

We came up with a system using figma as a tool to decide how to cut up the sprites and place them.
We will wait for the response from the examiner regarding our MV problem.
The group will continue discussing and programming other parts of the program, specifically the PlayerController and Player state machine and how these fit into MVC.

## Wrap up
Next meeting: Wednesday 22/9 20.00

